Update to provider facing roadmap (#7582)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training: app/views/content/roadmap.md

<p class="govuk-body-l">Find out about recent and upcoming service changes.</p>

<p class="govuk-hint">Last updated: 18 October 2022</p>

***

### Changes to services for providers

Recent changes include:

> * Providing referee details to providers upon application submission

Reviewer: probably we should be consistent in capitalisation of the first word of these bullet points.

* Changing the stage of the application process at which references are sent to ITT providers

> * letting providers [change the course that the candidate applied for before making an offer](https://bat-design-history.netlify.app/manage-teacher-training-applications/letting-providers-change-course-before-making-an-offer/).

Reviewer: 'house style' seems to not include full stop at end of bullet point

Upcoming changes include:

> * release of v1.2 of the API to enable API users to provide better feedback when rejecting candidates, as well as updates to HESA codes for candidates' equality and diversity questions

Reviewer 2: Mention including reference details here too?

* adding an [overview page and filters](https://bat-design-history.netlify.app/manage-teacher-training-applications/adding-an-overview-page-and-filters-to-help-users-prioritise-their-work/) to help providers prioritise their work

* introducing a [report to help providers understand the sex, ethnicity, disability and age of their candidates](https://bat-design-history.netlify.app/manage-teacher-training-applications/simplifying-how-we-help-users-spot-bias-in-their-recruitment-processes/)

* sending providers a [weekly summary of notifications](https://bat-design-history.netlify.app/manage-teacher-training-applications/sending-users-a-weekly-summary-of-notifications/)

***
### Changes to services for candidates

Recent changes include:

> * allowing candidates to submit applications with referee details, such as name, email address and how they know the person who will give the reference

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* allowing candidates to submit applications with details of 2 people who can give them a reference, including their name, email address and how they know the person.
```

> * changing the stage of the application process at which full references are requested and collected to after a candidate has accepted an offer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* changing the stage of the application process at which references are requested and collected to after a candidate has accepted an offer
```
